# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

I have learned how to use bootstrap. Bootstrap is crazy in how you just do everything in a class tag for it. Same with flexboxes, they were a little confusing and mind blowin at first but now it seems like I have grasped it a little more and feel more comfortable using them. Some challenges I had this week was trying to get my repositories on github all squared away. I definitely have a better understanding with what to do there, but I am still not 100%. 

## Prompts
- What went well this week? Something that went well this week is taking that deep into coding. I felt like was a little overwhelmed on monday, but by friday, everything was starting to click and I really enjoyed that.
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise? Something that surprised me was definetely bootstrap. It is crazy that twitter employees came up with in like 36 hours. That blows my mind.
- What are you struggling with? I feel I am  a little behind with the github repositories thing. I just feel a little lost with it. 
- What would you count as a victory? A victory is definetely how I felt on Friday going in to my checkpoint. I learned a lot and felt pretty confident in my skills so far.